Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as
questions asked in the wrong way., Alan Watts,

You're in my cartesian boundary!, Garrett Baker,
 
When you are famous it is hard to work on small problems. This is what did Shannon in. After information theory, what do you do for an encore? The great scientists often make this error. They fail to continue to plant the little acorns from which the mighty oak trees grow. They try to get the big thing right off. And that isn't the way things go. So that is another reason why you find that when you get early recognition it seems to sterilize you., Richard Hamming,

Newton said, 'If I have seen further than others, it is because I've stood on the shoulders of giants.' These days we stand on each other's feet!, Richard Hamming,

The applications of knowledge, especially mathematics, reveal the unity of all knowledge. In a new situation almost anything and everything you ever learned might be applicable, and the artificial divisions seem to vanish., Richard Hamming,

If you will only ask yourself, "Is what I am being told really true?," it is amazing how much you can find is, or borders on, being false, even in a well-developed field!, Richard Hamming,

War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.,J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood., George Orwell, 1984

To see what is in front of one’s nose needs a constant struggle., George Orwell,

We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue, and then,
when we are finally proved wrong, impudently twisting the facts so as to show
that we were right., George Orwell,

Defenceless villages are bombarded from the air, the inhabitants driven out
into the countryside, the cattle machine-gunned, the huts set on fire with
incendiary bullets: this is called pacification., George Orwell, Politics and the English Language

No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are
wrong., François de La Rochefoucauld

It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one., George Washington,
